Add sqlite source (#142)
timeseer-ai/kukur: docs/source/sqlite.asciidoc

The `data_query_datetime_format` option accepts the https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#strftime-strptime-behavior[formatting options] supported by Python.

Example:

```toml
data_query_datetime_format = "%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S%z"
```

This converts timestamps to the ISO8601 format.

If the table doesn't store timezoned timestamps you can specify the prefered timestamp for the input to convert the timestamp with the `data_query_timezone` option.
The request will use the converted timestamps as naive timestamps for the queries.

Example:

```toml
data_query_timezone = "UTC"
```

If the query returns dates without a time zone,
the time zone can be specified by the `data_timezone` option.

Example:

```toml
data_timezone = "UTC"
```

The exact available time zones are system-dependent.

Set `enable_trace_logging` to `true` to log the fetched data before conversion.

```toml
enable_trace_logging = true
```

=== Quality

There is a possibility to add a quality column.

In this case the data query changes:

```toml
data_query = "select timestamp, value, quality from Data where name = ? and ts >= ? and ts < ?"
```

> Where `quality` represents the column that contains the data point quality of the ADODB source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Where `quality` represents the column that contains the data point quality of the SQLite Data table.
```

Author: Fixed.
